Chore/update readme (#533)
ably/ably-go: README.md

_[Ably](https://ably.com) is the platform that powers synchronized digital experiences in realtime. Whether attending an event in a virtual venue, receiving realtime financial information, or monitoring live car performance data – consumers simply expect realtime digital experiences as standard. Ably provides a suite of APIs to build, extend, and deliver powerful digital experiences in realtime for more than 250 million devices across 80 countries each month. Organizations like Bloomberg, HubSpot, Verizon, and Hopin depend on Ably’s platform to offload the growing complexity of business-critical realtime data synchronization at global scale. For more information, see the [Ably documentation](https://ably.com/documentation)._

## Overview
This is a Go client library for Ably. [Supported features](#feature-support) and [known limitations](#known-limitations) are documented here.

## Installation

```bash
~ $ go get -u github.com/ably/ably-go/ably
```

> 

Reviewer: The template says the installation section should provide a link to the requirements section
https://github.com/ably/ably-common/blob/main/templates/sdk-readme.md#installation

So I think we need something like this in the installation section
```
See [Requirements](#requirements)
```

fmt.Print(status, status.ChannelId)
```

## Resources

> 

Reviewer: The Resources section of the template (https://github.com/ably/ably-common/blob/main/templates/sdk-readme.md#resources) says this section should have an index of ably-labs demo projects which use the ably-go SDK.

I did a quick filter on ably-labs to see the Go projects there (https://github.com/ably-labs?q=&type=all&language=go&sort=) 

I think we can add something like this which lists all those projects in alphabetical order:
```
Demo repositories hosted at [ably-labs](https://github.com/ably-labs) which use `ably-go`.  

* [Ableye](https://github.com/ably-labs/Ableye)
* [AblyD](https://github.com/ably-labs/AblyD)
* [Ably Go Terminal Chat](https://github.com/ably-labs/go-chat)
* [Broadcasting messages in Go with Ably and Redis](https://github.com/ably-labs/broadcasting-redis-go)
* [Sync Edit](https://github.com/ably-labs/sync-edit)
* [Word Game](https://github.com/ably-labs/word-game)
```

- Push Notification Target functional is not applicable for the SDK and thus not implemented.

> ## Support and feedback

Reviewer: This has a slightly different name in the template https://github.com/ably/ably-common/blob/main/templates/sdk-readme.md#support-feedback-and-troubleshooting

```suggestion
## Support, feedback and troubleshooting
```

> Please visit https://knowledge.ably.com/ for access to our knowledgebase and to ask for any assistance.

Reviewer: It looks like the knowledge.ably.com link has moved as it redirects when I follow it. It also looks like we have different link for raising a support ticket. We should probably include both links here.

```suggestion
Please visit https://faqs.ably.com/ for access to our knowledgebase. If you require support, please visit https://ably.com/support to submit a support ticket.
```
